Monitor auth flow (#246)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/auth-flow/optimize/monitor-auth-flow.md

---
title: "Monitor your auth flow"
description: "Keep track of the customers' auth journey success rates across all integration categories"
---

> In the Codat Portal, we provide you with an opportunity to monitor your customers' authorization actions so you can gain insight about your auth flow and optimize it where necessary. This monitoring is performed across all enabled integration categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We equip you with tools to monitor your auth flow. In the Codat Portal, you can see where your customers are struggling and optimize the flow where necessary. This monitoring is performed across all enabled integration categories.
```

![](/img/link/0002-auth-flow-monitor.png)

[Navigate](https://app.codat.io/monitor/auth-flow-overview) to **Monitor > Auth flow > Overview** to discover the overall **percentage** of your customers that have authorized the integration connections and the overall percentage of companies that uploaded a file as part of their auth process. 

Analyze the **auth funnel** to see how many customers completed their authorization journey in contrast to the quantity of those who started the Link flow and those who began the auth process. 

:::info Optional steps

If an integration category is marked as optional in **Settings > Auth flow > Link**, skipping that step increases the auth success measure of the funnel.
:::

Finally, visualize your stats of auth flow completion using the **graph**. It represents the ratio of the number of completed auth journeys to the number of started auth flows within a given week, expressed as a percentage. 

> Note that the monitor starts producing the auth flow completion chart only when a non-zero number of auth flows is completed in a given week. As a result, initial weeks of use may not appear if no journeys have been completed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that monitoring only begins when your first customer successfully authorizes. As a result, initial weeks of use may not appear on the conversion chart if no journeys have been completed. 
```
